hey guys you bought wings of redemption
and I'm gonna talk about video games
today I love video games video games
have always been a huge part of my life
and every day that I wake up I want to
play some sort of video game lately the
game I've been assess about is dead
space 3 with that being said I want to
go in harp on about something with that
space 3 that kind of affects everybody
dead space 3 is the third installment of
the dead space series obviously
contention III but Electronic Arts the
company that basically you know
publishes Dead Space 3 has put dead
space for on-hold because lack of sales
and more and more of these things happen
more and more companies are stopping
series and stopping things entirely
because they're not meeting expectations
obviously a game like dead space is not
a game that appeals to a mass audience
even as hard as you wanted to make a try
it just doesn't do it it's a horror
based game as a third person game is an
action shooter and it has a limited
clientele it's not gonna be a
blockbuster game that everybody goes out
and buys in pleased mindlessly such as
call of duty as you can see right here
Call of Duty appeals to a wide audience
because of how easy it is to pick up and
how easy it is to play and how good it
makes them a feel but very small rewards
let me point this out in an example
skill beach mat skill based matchmaking
is in Call of Duty ghosts how do I know
this well I wouldn't play with my buddy
Chuck he's over at ask ik AFRICOM he's a
quadriplegic gamer well one of the side
effects of being a quadriplegic gamer is
that you don't have the best stats your
stats are horrible and Chuck doesn't not
have really good stats he I think is
like a point 5kt
his favorite weapon is the OEE d get
under one win loss plays by himself a
lot and most of his friends that play
with him are terrible as well I'm not
trying to judge judge appeal that he's
terrible because he has to overcome
something I probably couldn't do his
stats are probably better than what I
could do if I couldn't use my hands but
actually this gamer here's one of the
I'm playing with him for example he see
his thing asked AFRICOM right there but
everybody in his part in this party was
horrible but me and sage me and sage
sages like a 2.8 2.9 player I'm sitting
around around a 4 kt myself but the
lobby were all point 4 kt players and
with that in it in its at respect bad
players generally get with other bad
players
well let's not calling back let's go
people that are down on their luck and
not doing well at the game they
generally do get put on the same planes
as most people every now and then you
get that odd game where you get stuck in
with beasts like me like this game for
example they were just unprepared for
the wrath that was going to happen to my
tracker site honey badger and you know
and it shows are they're like I'm 29 and
1 right now and like it's 3 minutes into
the video so games like all Duty appeal
to that whereas games like dead space
which is a third-person store in linear
store which is the games I prefer I
prefer a game like Resident Evil six
Resident Evil 5 a dead space 3 a co-op
game where I can hang out with a buddy
they have good challenging trophies and
I can just work on the trophies work on
the store and work on getting better and
have some sort of strategy implemented
into it love those type of games
I love Dead Space 3 but not every game
can be a triple-a title you can't set
the bar the benchmark is Call of Duty
Resident Evil 6 was another game that's
squandered an opportunity to make a
great game because they wanted to appeal
to a master audience present evil 6
wanted to sell call the duty numbers the
creator of Resident Evil 6 said he wants
to be Call of Duty in sales numbers and
that's not gonna happen how many people
see Resident Evil and think oh that's a
good time no they think fuckin zombies
they think survival-horror you got the
same thing with dead space you people
that buy dead space are into the zombie
survival horror thing and dead space 3
didn't have a backlash kind of like res
evil 6 did but it did have a backlash
because it took all the horror out just
like res evil 6 ready for 6 it went
straight action over the top put
millions of dollars into it almost
bankrupted Capcom there is evil sticks
flopped
and I see the game is what it is it's a
great game it's a fun game but it's by
no means what people have expectations
of when they think of the Resident Evil
series and I think this is where
companies are going wrong and what I'm
afraid of in the long run and I've made
a video on this before is what happens
when companies realize they're not gonna
get that triple a money or they just
gonna give up ice talked about this on
painkiller already how pre-orders are
bad for gaming in itself because if a
game does not do well pre-order wise it
could get canned it could get scrapped
early because they take a start taking
pre-orders like a year and a half in
advance how many times you going to game
stop and look and you've seen games that
you wanted to play only to realize these
are promotional copies only why the hell
are you trying to sell me a pre-order
when the game does to come out for a
fucking year dude send me a pre-order
when a game comes out two weeks from now
I don't want to buy a year for now cuz
companies are getting this money and
they're using this money to make the
fucking game is ridiculous it's a it's
cotton they're getting money for making
games that haven't came out yet so
people that are using their past
experiences Resident Evil 5 would be one
of here are buying games based on yep I
like the last one hopefully I like this
one and it's almost like a Kickstarter
like s and I think it kills a lot of the
creativity I think it kills a lot of the
games even games are going to be good
let's say the pre-orders do really well
for dead space for and they're only
halfway through with it
well they got you fucking money what
who's what why why don't why what is
stopping them from sending a mediocre
product from there on out and like you
see this in games in itself like take
Call of Duty for example you know when
you pick up the SC 10 and it has that
different reload animation I know I hate
the motherfucker myself but that's the
only gun that really has that different
reload animation well the links has it
too only a couple guns have a different
reload animation you know little tweaks
and torques that happen in the game and
as the game goes on have you ever
realized like most games like dead space
only attempt to be creepy in the first
chapter or two of the game everything
else is just straight-up Gears of War
shooter
I don't know it's time to think about I
feel like games get rushed when they sit
when they do well with pre-orders and I
feel like games that don't get enough
pre-orders they either get rushed to get
out to get it over with or they get
scrapped entirely what do you guys think